feat(banner): EC Revamp for  v4 - FRONT-4073 (#3012)
ec-europa/europa-component-library: docs/Migrating-v4.md

  overridden by the data provided when working with the EU theme to `m`.
- A selector `ecl-accordion__item--active` is now added via our vanilla js to mark the latest item the user interacted with.

### Banner

- The picture and the banner credit are now wrapper in a container `ecl-banner__picture-container` to handle the new position of the credit text.

> - Three variants only: `plain-background`, `text-overlay` (replacing text-hightlight) and 'text-box', the `image-overlay` one doesn't esxist anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Three variants only: `plain-background`, `text-overlay` (replacing text-hightlight) and `text-box`, the `image-overlay` one doesn't exist anymore.
```
